Add releases notes for 1.11.3 (#41)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: announcements/1.11.3.md

### Introduction

The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.11.3.

Please see [component versions](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/component-versions) for a list of updated components.

#### New features & improvements

 * Android security updates for October 2021 (see [Android Security Bulletin - October 2021](https://source.android.com/security/bulletin/2021-10-01) for more information)
 * Android WebView has been updated to [94.0.4606.80](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2021/10/chrome-for-android-update.html)
 * The shared memory transport used for the `null` platform is now disabled by default for increased stability
 * ANGLE libraries used for `null` platform are updated to increase stability and cause Anbox to not crash in certain situations

#### Bugs

 * AC-321 Deploying multiple AMS units at the same time causes problems
 * AC-343 ANDROID_EMU_* extensions are visible for Android applications
 * AC-384 Fix steam view in the dashboard

#### Upgrade instructions

> See [Upgrade Anbox Cloud](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/installation/upgrading-from-previous-versions) or [Upgrade the Anbox Cloud Appliance](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/upgrade/upgrade-appliance) for instructions on how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment to the 1.11.2 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Upgrade Anbox Cloud](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/update/upgrade-anbox) or [Upgrade the Anbox Cloud Appliance](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/update/upgrade-appliance) for instructions on how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment to the 1.11.3 release.
```
